DOCS-11483 SELinux enforcing mode limitations (#486)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/runtime-fabric-limitations.adoc

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Operating System | Limitation
| RHEL 8 a| 
* Do not set the optional environment variable `disable_selinux` to `false` in the `fabric.tf` script, or installation will fail.
* Do not set SELinux to enforcing mode. 
| RHEL 7 a| 
* If you have enabled SELinux, third-party software running on the host may change policy settings from SELinux.

> * You can set SELinux to enforcing mode if you don't change default policies.

Reviewer: Maybe this? I know we usually try to avoid modal verbs like "can."
```suggestion
* Runtime Fabric is compatible with unchanged default policies and SELinux set to enforcing mode.
```
